Update bit.adoc with allowed range of n (#910)
arduino/reference-en: Language/Functions/Bits and Bytes/bit.adoc

[float]
=== Parameters

> `n`: the bit whose value to compute. 0 <= n < 32 (as it is intended to reflect the bits up to 31 of a uint32)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`n`: the bit whose value to compute. Note that `n` needs to be between 0-31 (32 bit). 
```

Hi @BloodyNewbie , thanks for the submission. I modified it for easier readability. Let me know if you accept this, and I can merge it.
